[Music]
Oh
[Applause]
[Music]
my name's Millie and I'm one of the
capri trainers and chef lecturers at
Alfred
well we write with international theme
so we're going to get the children to go
all around the world try and get for an
international this is this morning
they've made some chicken nuggets with
biscuit crumbs
possi and I'm just leaving some American
pancakes toward and half every something
we've got no commute or some of them are
really really quite handy in the kitchen
so it's been interesting
so yesterday I made pizza a little
delicious yes never made pizza and
meringue and also when the best bit was
making the pizzas I
[Music]
hi guys I'm Adam and I've been teaching
the art and media course here at recap
for a bunch of students today we've been
have an engaging week across all the
different media platforms
yesterday we experienced video and
graphic design and I think they're
really engaging with the different types
of media and I definitely having lots of
fun getting a getting experience
hands-on approach with what there is
normally is what's on YouTube we were
videoing about who we are and what we
liked about retail we'll be looking
forward to and then we will have some
photo booths and derivatives edited some
videos and me and liners we did a wrap
we just made us on the spot and then we
tried everything yet on the computer and
we know it sounds like team organizer
[Music]
I'm Nathalie and I've been the peak
appetit this week for the children's
University doing hair and beeping so the
children have been preparing a nail will
where they it firms or plastic males and
they paint the nails and then they will
do some nail art on them so from such
gems and little pictures and designs and
they also have a dolls heads to practice
their hairdressing skills so they've
been doing Platt and Herrick designs and
all some things in there so they're
going to prepare them ready their
showcase yes
yeah that one's my favorite one - that's
okay man I like this one because it's
got like your sparkles on and I like the
Zephyr one as well I'm Daniel Buster and
I'm Antonio McLean so we got to in
variety of sports so for the first
Tuesday's what we've been doing is
you're going to be a basketball
basketball drills a bit of football and
handball we're going to play a bit a
handball today and we've gotten them
into a bit of - for today as well
they've really enjoyed the warm ups and
and the old school games like bulldog
and the circuits and they've gotten
really well we've really enthusiastic
loads of energy non-stop running around
in great to see
at the children's University this week
I'm doing sport so we're doing sports
like football
gajju and then all sorts of tools and
games doing sport as we can tomorrow
then we're going to do those of activity
[Music]
i'm chris on the electronics lecture
here what i'm doing with these guys is
some basic liquid circuit but this is
the practical base they will all be
leaving this week with one of these what
we're hoping to do is that they will
come up with some of their own ideas
where once they know how to program it
they'll leave here with something that
works and that they've programmed
[Music]
you